So... Here, I'll try and move my camera.
Like this.... Okay. Okay.
Alright, so we left off like
and then the missionary thing and your...
Your husband was here and you weren't here. I think my question I was going to ask you is like...
So, do you want the mission right here, or was it strictly you need to be here?
mmm-hmm
Uh-huh.
Ohoho. Wow
Right. Oh, wow.
Right.
Oh, Wow.
mmm-hmm
Uh-huh.
Okay.
You didn't get to talk to the Japanese.
Oh.
Right.
mmm-hmm
Oh.
Okay.
Right.
Wow.
mmh
Right.
Wow.
So, you. Is your daughter still there?
Oh, okay. Oh, okay, okay. I didn't know.
Oh my goodness.
Okay.
Wow.
And do they speak? Do they speak Russian? They speak Russian?
Oh.
Okay.
So it like all came back from the naturally? Okay, that's good.
Restaurant?
It was funny, the other day. I had uh, I went to an Armenian restaurant.
And she's like, this voice is
just like Russian voice. Oh, okay.
And I had only had it, yeah, I had had it by, um...
The person who taught my mom's husband was from the middle.
And so I guess I don't know if it's that style, but...
I was like, I never need a borsch. You could make it, hard. Well, that was always cold.
Yes.
Oh.
Uh-huh.
Right.